Example Update with XCFrameworks (#548)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

* The `Incident.impact` property is now an `Incident.Impact` value instead of a string. ([#519](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/519))
* Added the `Intersection.preferredApproachLanes` and `Intersection.usableLaneIndication` properties that indicate preferred lane usage. `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:)` has been renamed to `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:preferredDirection:)`. ([#529](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/529))
* Comparing two `Intersection`s with `==` now considers whether the `Intersection.restStop`, `Intersection.regionCode`, and `Intersection.outletMapboxStreetsRoadClass` properties are equal. ([#529](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/529))

> * Bump Carthage requirement to >= 0.38.
> * Bump Xcode requirement to >= 12.0.
> * Add full support for Apple Silicon builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Carthage v0.38 or above is now required for installing this SDK if you use Carthage. ([#548](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/548))
* Xcode 12.0 or above is now required to build MapboxDirections from source. ([#548](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/548))
* You can fully build this SDK on Macs with Apple Silicon. ([#548](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/548))
```
